welcome. This is a basic model virtual phone. this phone contains automatic online class attender, calculator, camera, diary, emailing facility, shin chan game, sms and wikipedia.
If you click any of the app it will direct you to the app's window.
Example, if you click the automatic online class attender it will take you to the link provided in the programe.
It will automatically mute the mic and off the camera and press join.
Enjoy your virtual phone.
Handle with care.

welcome to the world of calcuclations. In this app you can do the mathematic calculations.
For that you need to do,
step 1, enter the calculations. Example, 2+3. you can type in your device or else click the buttons provided.
step 2, press the equal to button in the phone or enter key in your device to see the result.
step 3, if you want to continue with that result click or press the any symbol key and give your numbers. 
If you to clear you can click on the AC button or C button or else press escape key in your device.
If you want to go back to the main menu click on the back button.
Enjoy your calculations

Welcome to the world of pictures. Here you can take selfie of your or with your friends.
If you want to selfie click on the button snapshot or press C.
If you want to return to the main menu click on the button exit or press escape in your device.
Spread happiness with a smile.

Welcome to the world of memories.
Here you can maintain your personal diary.
step 1 . In the yellow box enter that day's special event.
step 2 . In the blue box enter your memories of the day.
step 3 . Click save.
If you want to see your old memories click display and it opens a new window,
there you are given three boxes if the first box enter the date, in the second box enter the month, and, in the third box enter the year.
then click ckeck button.
Your memories would be displayed.
Have a great days.

Welcome to world of internet.
Here you can send mail to your friends through gmail.
for that you need to do,
step 1, enter your friends email address, in this you can type with gmail dor com or without gmail dot com,
for example let xyz be the user,
in the username box xyz@gmail.com is valid xyz is also valid.
step 2, Enter the subject of sending this mail.
step 3, Start to type your message.
step 4, click on the send button.
Your mail has been sent to your friend.
If you want to go to main menu click exit button.
Have a great emailing time.

Welcome to the place for sms. In this app you can message any of your friends.
step 1, Enter your friend's number.
step 2, Enter your message to your friend.
step 3, Click on the send button.
Your message has been sent.
If you want to go to main menu click exit.
Have a great messaging time.

Searching has no limit. Welcome to wikipedia. In this app you can search what ever you want.
For that you need to do
step 1, Enter your search in the search box.
step 2, Click submit or press enter key
Your result will be displayed.
If you want to save it in a text file, enter the name of the file in the right side box and click save.
If you want to go to main menu click exit or press escape in your device.
May this day goes good for you.